Cheerio. Sorry, I can't do it.
Can't do the cheerio?
That was part of the script.
That was good.
Welcome to Client Server Communications,
a course about the web.
Technically, the web is only a small part of the internet.
However, it is the only part of the internet that people use
without even realizing that what they're using is the web.
The web is the platform that you,
the web developer, can use to publish your ideas to the world.
It is the common language between your servers and your clients.
Every time you open a browser,
every time you download an app,
every time you receive a message on WhatsApp or Facebook, you're using the web.
Or more generically, in that very moment,
a client is communicating with a server and vice versa.
But what does that actually mean?
What's happening when you navigate to a website?
How did the phone know that somebody sent me a message?
What capabilities does the web have?
And more importantly, what are its limitations?
Hi, I'm Surma.
I'm an engineer at Google in London and I work with the Chrome team.
In this course, we're going to understand what the web actually is,
how we can use it to your advantage,
and how you can avoid mistakes that will make
both your user experience and security suffer.
Some of this may seem like a review to you, and it is.
But we will also go into the lesser known parts of HTTP.
To think like an engineer,
you need to understand both the semantics of HTTP users,
as well as the implementation inside the browser.
We'll use that knowledge to use browser APIs to the fullest potential,
secure HTTP against eavesdroppers,
and deploy the web's newest protocol, HTTP/2.
All this knowledge will help you make informed decisions for
your app and persuade others when optimizing and securing their apps.
Hi, I'm Richard.
A course developer at Udacity and an experienced web developer.
While Surma teaches you about HTTP's request and response cycle, security,
and the best practices of HTTP/2,
I'll be here to reinforce this knowledge with examples and quizzes.
Understanding both the capabilities and limitations of the medium we work in on
a day to day basis will help you take the next important step towards mastery.
By the end of this course,
you will understand literally every byte that is
being sent from your browser to the server and back.最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6